What we were taught in school about the human migration process into north
America has been definitively debunked. In fact,
our textbooks currently state that humans cross a frozen land bridge from
Russia, just shy of 15,000 years ago. However,
the evidence I'm about to share with you in this presentation,
conclusively debunks,
that now it was recently in now that Macedon bones found in San Diego,
California dating back 130,000 years show
definitive evidence of human tool marks.
Now let me first address the issue of dating.
How do they know it's 130,000 years old while utilizing advanced methods of
dating.
They've been able to measure the amount of uranium depletion and decay within
these bones that turn into thorium.
And what's surprising is that throughout mainstream science,
they agree that yes. Okay. These bones are in fact 130,000 years old,
which of course I was thrilled to hear because usually I disagree with much of
what mainstream science has to say when it comes to the age of ancient human
civilization and other things.
So it's very interesting to see that there is a on that, yes,
these bones are 130,000 years old.
Now what makes this site even more interesting is that they found seven rounded
stone hammers that have also been known to have been used to break up bones in
Willie, Mamo and Macon by early hunters and gatherers in north America. Now,
when these methods have been tested by researchers and paleontologists,
they have utilized fresher remains of elephant femurs,
and other various bones of elephants and broken them up with the various stone
hammers found at these other sites.
And they have found consistencies among these seven stone hammers found at the
Macon site and that they have scratch marks on them,
completely consistent with the other scratch marks.
They have found on their own tests by utilizing stone hammers. Furthermore,
they also identified that the stone hammers that cause fractures and splintering
of the various bones and Macedon wooy Mamo and elephants are completely
identical to one another. In fact,
many people are involved in this study and have completely agreed that yes,
these are actual definitive marks of human tooling.
Now the big obstacle now among mainstream scientists is that they say, well,
hold on, maybe this wasn't humans, maybe this was, you know,
Neanderthals or something else,
which I find to be incredibly hypocritical considering the lack of evidence of
that. I mean,
they're just suggesting something that they don't have any proof of. And, uh,
you know, at all the things I've researched,
it seems to me that mainstream science completely shuns arguments that involves
speculation, right?
So the agree that the skeleton remains of this Macedon is 130,000 years old.
The agree that has definitive evidence of human tooling that far exceeds the
possibility of just being crushed under natural circumstances yet,
although some mainstream scientists are convinced that this is evidence of human
tooling. Some will argue that well,
there's not enough evidence yet to suggest that humans were actually north
America 130,000 years ago. However,
they seem to be completely ignoring all the recent evidence that accumulated in
recent years involving connections between ancient Egyptians and the Inns in
south America, as well as connections in north America as well. For example,
are you aware that they have found Aboriginal DNA from Australia in mummies in
south America?
This is something that has just come out in the last year from studies that were
done by Harvard medical school, but to make things even more confusing,
they have found ancient remains in north American Indians that have middle
Eastern DNA that's per incredible.
And the evidence goes even further than that,
they have actually found traces of nicotine and cocaine in mummies
founded ancient Egypt,
which is completely unexplainable considering that cocaine and nicotine
originates from plants from meso America and south America.
How in the world did ancient Egyptians have this in their blood streams then,
but it doesn't even end there. In fact,
let me show you some slides that I've had in other videos related to this topic
of the connections between the ancients among various continents around the
world, whether it's the incredible similarities between pyramids found in south
America, central America, Egypt, Asia,
or whether it comes from the incredible similarities between the stone cuttings
found in Egypt, Italy, Turkey, Peru,
or even the use of trapezoidal doors or the use of gold funeral masks
or the depiction of the third eye, or even animals depicted on the forehead.
Those are just a few examples of the connections between ancient cultures that
span across multiple continents around the world. And it's pretty incredible.
I mean,
can you honestly say that this is all just a coincidence and with the recent
evidence of 130,000 year old Macon bones with human tooling,
you have to start asking some real questions. Now, many people will say, well,
wait a second. If they were able to travel between the continents,
where's the evidence, where's the, where's the boats. Now,
let me give you the example of the Titanic and I this in other presentations as
well,
which is that you had 50,000 tons of steel and iron that have been under the
ocean for 105 years. And more than 50% of it is completely disintegrated.
Or even if you find, you know,
cars or houses that are outside untouched by humans for decades and just
left in the elements, the R will cave in the rust inside and out.
And within a matter of just a few hundred years lb as if they were completely
nonexistent altogether. So even if the ancients had say wood boats,
do you really think there would be anything left of it after tens of thousands
of years? Now,
I do have other videos that discuss the cataly that there's overwhelming
evidence that 13,000 years ago, and 11,600 years ago,
there were two massive events.
There were complete reset bun to human civilization. Definitely check those out.
Anyways, guys,
it's time that we start asking real questions about the true history of human
civilization. And if you start digging into this subject,
you'll see that we are far older and far more advanced than we were ever taught
in school. Anyways, guys, I'll leave it at that. I'm Jimmy,
this is bright insight like in subscribe, leave me a comment.
Let me know what your thoughts are.
And I have many more videos to come and a whole wide variety of topics.
Take care, everybody.